Update links to language models in README (#757)
m-bain/whisperX: README.md

### Other languages

The phoneme ASR alignment model is *language-specific*, for tested languages these models are [automatically picked from torchaudio pipelines or huggingface](https://github.com/m-bain/whisperX/blob/f2da2f858e99e4211fe4f64b5f2938b007827e17/whisperx/alignment.py#L24-L58).
Just pass in the `--language` code, and use the whisper `--model large`.

> Currently default models provided for `{en, fr, de, es, it}` via torchaudio pipelines and [25 other languages via huggingface](https://github.com/m-bain/whisperX/blob/f2da2f858e99e4211fe4f64b5f2938b007827e17/whisperx/alignment.py#L32-L58). If the detected language is not in this list, you need to find a phoneme-based ASR model from [huggingface model hub](https://huggingface.co/models) and test it on your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently default models provided for `{en, fr, de, es, it}` via torchaudio pipelines and many other languages via Hugging Face. Please find the list of currently supported languages under `DEFAULT_ALIGN_MODELS_HF` on [alignment.py](https://github.com/m-bain/whisperX/blob/main/whisperx/alignment.py). If the detected language is not in this list, you need to find a phoneme-based ASR model from [huggingface model hub](https://huggingface.co/models) and test it on your data.
```

Reviewer: The list of supported languages is often updated and this change would allow us to leave the doc unchanged.
